<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html">
    <h:head>
        <title>The Game Of Life</title>
        <!--  TODO: Don't inline this -->
        <style type="text/css">
            h2 {
                color: blue;
                font-family: sans-serif;
            }

            .intro {
                font-family: sans-serif;
                background: rgb(200, 200, 200);
                border: 1pt rgb(150, 150, 150) solid;
                padding: 8px;
                margin: 4px;
                text-align: justify;
                color: rgb(25, 25, 25)
            }

            .footer {
                color: white;
                font-size: medium;
                text-align: right;
                background-color: blue;
                margin-top: 100px;
                border-top: thin solid black;
                padding: 2px;
                font-family: sans-serif;
                font-weight: bold;
            }

            .action-button {
                border-bottom: 2px solid rgb(100, 100, 100);
                border-left: 2px solid rgb(100, 100, 100);
                border-top: 2px solid rgb(150, 150, 150);
                border-right: 2px solid rgb(150, 150, 150);
                background: silver;
                width: 100px;
                margin: 8px;
                padding: 4px;
                text-align: center;
            }

            a {
                text-decoration: none;
                font-size: large;
                font-weight: bold;
                font-family: sans-serif;
            }

            li {
                list-style: circle;
                padding: 4px;
            }

        </style>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <h2>Welcome to Conway's Game Of Life!</h2>

        <div class="intro">
            <p>This is a really cool web version of Conway's famous Game Of
                Life. The Game of Life is a cellular automaton devised by the British
                mathematician John Horton Conway way back in 1970.</p>

            <p>The universe of the Game of Life is an infinite two-dimensional
                orthogonal grid of square cells, each of which is in one of two possible
                states, live or dead. Every cell interacts with its eight neighbors,
                which are the cells that are directly horizontally, vertically, or
                diagonally adjacent. At each step in time, the following transitions
                occur:
                <ul>
                    <li>Any live cell with fewer than two live neighbours dies, as if
                        caused by underpopulation.
                    </li>
                    <li>Any live cell with more than three live neighbours dies, as if
                        by overcrowding.
                    </li>
                    <li>Any live cell with two or three live neighbours lives on to
                        the next generation.
                    </li>
                    <li>Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbours becomes a
                        live cell.
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </div>

        <div class="action-button">
            <h:form>
                <h:commandLink value="New Game" action="#{gameBean.newGame()}"/>
            </h:form>
        </div>

        <div class="footer">Game Of Life version <h:outputText value="#{gameBean.appVersion}" />
        </div>
    </h:body>
</html>

